wondering what to make for dinner
tonight we have some quick and easy tips
for serving up a restaurant-quality meal
the whole family will love today we're
making a classic chicken parmesan you're
going to use boneless skinless chicken
breasts for this and you can either cut
them in half to make two very thin
cutlets or you can pound them now if you
do want to pound the chicken instead you
can go ahead and use a meat pounder
don't use the side with the teeth
however that'll tear the chicken apart
you want to use the smooth side no meat
pounder you can even use a heavy pan
start by adding a quarter of a cup of
Crisco pure canola oil to a large
skillet beat 1 large egg into a pie
plate and beat in a quarter of a
teaspoon of salt in another pie plate
you're going to have a cup of panko
bread crumbs another teaspoon of salt
and just a pinch of black pepper you'll
dip the chicken into the egg and then
into the panko ok in goes our chicken
the bread crumbs we're using your panko
breadcrumbs they're a fantastic
substitute for regular breadcrumbs there
are a flaky breadcrumb with a coarse
texture and rough edges it's readily
available in most grocery stores and
it's great in any recipe that calls for
bread crumbs we're going to saute these
for about five to six minutes until
golden brown on both sides when the
chickens done transfer it to a baking
pan and then you're going to top it with
three quarters of a cup of shredded
mozzarella cheese
and one quarter cup of shredded Parmesan
cheese throw the chicken four to five
inches from the heat source until the
cheese melts and begins to brown about
two minutes spoon some more marinara
sauce over freshly cooked pasta add your
chicken and there you go a warm and
hearty Neil in about a half an hour this
delicious recipe makes about four
servings
you